content/manual/mobile.md, before:

---
title: Noise Route Mobile
geekdocNav: true
geekdocAlign: start
geekdocAnchor: true
---

{{< hint type=important title="Alpha" >}}
Noise Route is currently in alpha version, things may be changed in the future
{{< /hint >}}

# Install
* iOS
Noise Route on iOS is available on [App Sotre](https://apps.apple.com/cn/app/noise-route/id1639281565)

* Android
Android version is available on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fengjiongmax.noise_route&pli=1)

## Receiving audio
Mobile app can only receives audio from pc, so you'll be need a [pc to send audio from](../desktop).

After pc version is installed, you can start adding devices.

## Add device
After tapping "`+`" icon on top right, you will see a popup like so:

<img src="/images/mobile-add-device.png" width="400px" />

You can add device with one of the method listed below:

### type in ip address
You can find the ip address of desktop following [this](../desktop/#add-device-in-sending-mode).

After you typed in the ip address, and connection between your device and desktop has been established, the pop up will dissapear, and you should see the newly-added device with correspond information, and audio should come in.

### scan QRCode
You can click the QRCode icon to scan QRCode generated by noise route desktop, after QRCode was scanned and parsed correctly, you will be redirected to main screen, and see the newly-added device, and audio should be playing(if any).

## Quitting on android
Swiping the app card away won't kill the background process on Android, so we need extra action to quit the app properly.  
You can tap the gear icon on the top right cornor, and tap 'Quit'.

<img src="/images/mobile-quitting1.png" width="400px" />

<br/>
<br/>

<img src="/images/mobile-quitting2.png" width="400px" />

The reason why it's designed this way is that adding another layer can prevent user accidently tapping quit.

Commit message:

add document for encryption features

content/manual/mobile.md, after:

---
title: Noise Route Mobile
geekdocNav: true
geekdocAlign: start
geekdocAnchor: true
---

{{< hint type=important title="Beta" >}}
Noise Route is currently in beta version.
{{< /hint >}}

# Install
Both does not require account, and can connect up to two devices that has no active subscription account logged in.

## iOS
iOS version is available on [App Sotre](https://apps.apple.com/cn/app/noise-route/id1639281565)

## Android
Android version is available on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fengjiongmax.noise_route&pli=1)

## Before connecting
Before connecting to device, make sure the device sending audio and the device receiving audio are in the same local network(in the same wifi).

## Receiving audio
Mobile app can only receives audio from pc, so you'll need a [pc to send audio from](../desktop).

After pc version is installed, you can start adding devices.

## Add device
After tapping "`+`" icon on top right, you will see a popup like so:

<img src="/images/mobile-add-device.png" width="400px" />

You can add device with one of the method listed below:

### type in ip address
You can find the ip address of desktop following [this](../desktop/#add-device-in-sending-mode).

After you typed in the ip address, and connection between your device and desktop has been established, the pop up will dissapear, and you should see the newly-added device with correspond information, and audio should come in.

### scan QRCode
You can click the QRCode icon to scan QRCode generated by noise route desktop, after QRCode was scanned and parsed correctly, you will be redirected to main screen, and see the newly-added device, and audio should be playing(if any).

## Quitting on android
Swiping the app card away won't kill the background process on Android, so we need extra action to quit the app properly.  
You can tap the gear icon on the top right cornor, and tap 'Quit'.

<img src="/images/mobile-quitting1.png" width="400px" />

<br/>
<br/>

<img src="/images/mobile-quitting2.png" width="400px" />

The reason why it's designed this way is that adding another layer can prevent user accidently tapping quit.

## Premium feature
Since mobile app does not require account, and mobile apps can only play audio, mobile apps don't have configurations for premium features. But if the pc that sending audio was logged in with an account that has active subscription, mobile apps supports those features.

![](/images/play_audio_premium_features.png)
